[All] updating validation tool info (#1149)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/testing/troubleshoot-manifest.md

If you are getting the error "Your add-in manifest is not valid" when loading your add-in, you can use various validation tools and techniques to find and resolve issues in the manifest file.

## Validate your manifest with the Yeoman generator for Office Add-ins

The [Yeoman generator for Office Add-ins](https://www.npmjs.com/package/generator-office) provides a task to validate your project's manifest file. Run the following command in the root directory of your project:

```command&nbsp;line
npm run validate
```

![Animated gif that shows the Yo Office validator being run at the command line and generating results that show Validation Passed](../images/yo-office-validator.gif)

> [!NOTE]
> To have access to this functionality, your add-in project must have been created by using [Yeoman generator for Office Add-ins](https://www.npmjs.com/package/generator-office) version 1.1.17 or later.

## Validate your manifest in a custom project

If your project was created without using yo office, you can still validate the manifest using the office-toolbox package. This is the same package used by yo office for validation.

1. Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/download/).

> 2. Open a command prompt / terminal as an administrator, and run the Office Add-in validator on your manifest file. The Office Add-in validator is in the office-toolbox package.

Author: Thanks @akrantz. Fixed!

> 2. Open a command prompt / terminal as an administrator, and run the Office Add-in validator on your manifest file. The Office Add-in validator is in the office-toolbox package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run the following command in the root directory of your project. Replace `MANIFEST_FILE` with the name of the manifest file.
```

	```command&nbsp;line

> 	npx office-toolbox validate -m manifest.xml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	npx office-toolbox validate -m MANIFEST_FILE
```

	```

## Validate your manifest against the XML schema

> To help ensure that the manifest file follows the correct schema, including any namespaces for the elements you are using. If you copied elements from other sample manifests double check you also **include the appropriate namespaces**. You can validate a manifest against the [XML Schema Definition (XSD)](https://github.com/OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr/tree/master/docs/overview/schemas) files. You can use an XML schema validation tool to perform this validation.

Reviewer: I can't spot what you changed in this paragraph, but the opening sentence here seems malformed/incomplete. Do you want to fix that as part of this PR?

Author: @kbrandl I put in a rewrite for this. See if this works!
